" Everything you can imagine is real. ” – Pablo Picasso
“Normality is a paved road: it’s comfortable to walk but no flowers grow.” – Vincent van Gogh
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow” – Mahatma Gandhi
“It always seems impossible until it's done.” – Nelson Mandela
“The time is always right to do what is right” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” – Aristotle
“If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one”. – Dolly Parton.
“Live a simple life; you will own the most beautiful treasures of the world!” – Mehmet Murat Ildan
“A simple life gives birth to more clarity, inner peace and meaningful relationships.”  – Margo Vader
“Because you are alive, everything is possible.” – Thich Nhat Hanh
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” – George Bernard Shaw
“Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.” – Henry David Thoreau
“The great thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are going.” – Oliver Wendall Holmes Jr.
“A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.” – William Arthur Ward
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." – Leonardo da Vinci
“Love yourself first and everything else falls into line.” – Lucille Ball
“Lead from the heart, not the head.” – Princess Diana
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone, and a funny bone.” – Reba McEntire
“Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Never regret anything you have done with a sincere affection; nothing is lost that is born of the heart. – Basil Rathbone
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.” – Anaïs Nin
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“Growth begins when we start to accept our own weakness.” – Jean Vanier
“I decided I can’t pay a person to rewind time, so I may as well get over it.” – Serena Williams
“The real difficulty is to overcome how you think about yourself.” – Maya Angelou
“I have never been hurt by what I have not said.” – Calvin Coolidge
“Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t – you’re right.” – Henry Ford
“I like criticism. It makes you strong.” – LeBron James
“Decisions without actions are worthless.” – W. Clement Stone
“Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.” – James Dean
“Oh, the things you can find, if you don’t stay behind.” – Dr. Seuss
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin
“If you tell the truth you don’t have to remember anything.” – Mark Twain
“I don’t need it to be easy, I need it to be worth it.” – Lil Wayne
“To live will be an awfully big adventure.” – Peter Pan
“There is no substitute for hard work.” – Thomas Edison
“Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.” – Drake
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” – Oprah Winfrey
“It hurt because it mattered.” – John Green
“I have nothing to lose but something to gain.” – Eminem
“A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world.” – Atticus
“Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.” – Rumi
“Whatever you do, do it well”. – Walt Disney
“Every moment is a fresh beginning.” – T.S. Eliot
“If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.” – Napoleon Hill
“Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.” – Bruce Lee
“The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.” – Oscar Wilde
“The life of wisdom must be a life of contemplation combined with action.” – Scott Peck
“May the clouds in your life be only a background for a lovely sunset.” – Irish Saying
“Every day is a good day. There is something to learn, care and celebrate.” – Amit Ray
“Happiness consists not in having much, but in being content with little.” – Marguerite Gardiner
“The simplest things are often the truest.” – Richard Bach
“Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.” – Albert Schweitzer
“The biggest asset in the world is your mindset.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn
“Learn to live with less so that you appreciate more.” – James Ryan
“We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.” – Anne Frank
“Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.” – Dalai Lama
“Learning is a weightless treasure you can always carry easily.” – Chinese Proverb
“You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.” – Michael Jordan
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.” – Johnny Depp
“If I’m going to tell a real story, I’m going to start with my name.” – Kendrick Lamar
“Change the world by being yourself.” – Amy Poehler
“Tomorrow is now.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Mistakes are proof that you are trying.” – Unknown
“I live a beautiful life with fewer things—simple, yet full.” – Laurie Buchanan, PhD
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” – John Wooden
“Stay hungry, stay foolish.” – Steve Jobs
"What will you do with your one wild and precious life?" — Mary Oliver
"The best things in life aren't things." — Art Buchwald
"The first step in crafting the life you want is to get rid of everything you don't." —﻿ Joshua Becker